README.md, before:

# pino-cloudwatch

#### Send pino logs to AWS CloudWatch Logs.

## About

`pino-cloudwatch` is a simple [pino](https://getpino.io/#/) transport that buffers and holds [pino](https://getpino.io/#/) logs until one of the following conditions are met:
  * the number of logs reaches 10,000
  * the 'size' of the logs reaches 1,048,576 bytes OR
  * there is at least 1 log buffered and 1,000ms (default) has passed without another log item being buffered
This is to minimise the number of calls to CloudWatch Logs.

The log group name is specified via the CLI (`--prefix`) and the log stream name is built based on the following information:
  * An optional `prefix`,
  * the hostname (via `os.hostname()`),
  * the process ID (via `process.id`),
  * the epoch when the first log are sent to CloudWatch Logs

## Usage
```
# ./bin/pino-cloudwatch.js
Sends pino logs to AWS CloudWatch Logs.
Usage: node index.js | pino-cloudwatch [options]

Options:
  --help                   Show help                                   [boolean]
  --version                Show version number                         [boolean]
  --aws_access_key_id      AWS Access Key ID
  --aws_secret_access_key  AWS Secret Access Key
  --aws_region             AWS Region
  --group                  AWS CloudWatch log group name              [required]
  --prefix                 AWS CloudWatch log stream name prefix
  --stream                 AWS CloudWatch log stream name, overrides --prefix option.
  --interval               The maxmimum interval (in ms) before flushing the log
                           queue.                                [default: 1000]
```
## Options

### `group`: `String` (required)

### `prefix`: `String`

### `interval`: `Integer` (default `1000`ms, `0` to disable)

The `interval` is the amount of time in ms that must elapse before attempting to send logs to CloudWatch Logs. Increase this to reduce the number of calls to CloudWatch Logs.

If you set this to `0` then it will only send logs when:
  * It reaches the maxiumum number of logs
  * It reaches the maximum size of the logs

__note__: Disabling the interval could mean that logs will *never* be sent to CloudWatch Logs.

### `aws_access_key_id`: `String`

### `aws_secret_access_key`: `String`

### `aws_region`: `String`

## Other uses

### Writable Stream

This module can be required and used as a writable stream:
```javascript
var pinoCloudWatch = require('pino-cloudwatch');
var split = require('split2');
var pump = require('pump');

pump(process.stdin, split(), pinoCloudWatch({ group: 'test' }));
```

Attach handlers to different writable stream events:

```javascript
var pinoCloudWatch = require('pino-cloudwatch');
var streamToCloudWatch = pinoCloudWatch(
    {
        group: 'test'
    },
    {
        unpipe: (...params) => {
            // unpipe event triggered
        },
        error: (err) => {
            // error event triggered
        },
    });
```
__note__: A full list of supported events can be found here https://nodejs.org/dist/v10.19.0/docs/api/stream.html#stream_writable_streams

### Arbitrary logs

Technically `pino-cloudwatch` can send any object mode stream to CloudWatch Logs. This includes *any* text-based log file. For example: tailing a standard log file like nginx access.log.

## Test
```
# npm test
```

Commit message:

Emit an event once the logs are successfully push / save in AWS CloudWatch Logs

README.md, after:

# pino-cloudwatch

#### Send pino logs to AWS CloudWatch Logs.

## About

`pino-cloudwatch` is a simple [pino](https://getpino.io/#/) transport that buffers and holds [pino](https://getpino.io/#/) logs until one of the following conditions are met:
  * the number of logs reaches 10,000
  * the 'size' of the logs reaches 1,048,576 bytes OR
  * there is at least 1 log buffered and 1,000ms (default) has passed without another log item being buffered
This is to minimise the number of calls to CloudWatch Logs.

The log group name is specified via the CLI (`--prefix`) and the log stream name is built based on the following information:
  * An optional `prefix`,
  * the hostname (via `os.hostname()`),
  * the process ID (via `process.id`),
  * the epoch when the first log are sent to CloudWatch Logs

## Usage
```
# ./bin/pino-cloudwatch.js
Sends pino logs to AWS CloudWatch Logs.
Usage: node index.js | pino-cloudwatch [options]

Options:
  --help                   Show help                                   [boolean]
  --version                Show version number                         [boolean]
  --aws_access_key_id      AWS Access Key ID
  --aws_secret_access_key  AWS Secret Access Key
  --aws_region             AWS Region
  --group                  AWS CloudWatch log group name              [required]
  --prefix                 AWS CloudWatch log stream name prefix
  --stream                 AWS CloudWatch log stream name, overrides --prefix option.
  --interval               The maxmimum interval (in ms) before flushing the log
                           queue.                                [default: 1000]
  --write_complete_event   Emit an event with this name once the logs are successfully
                           push / save in AWS CloudWatch Logs
```
## Options

### `group`: `String` (required)

### `prefix`: `String`

### `interval`: `Integer` (default `1000`ms, `0` to disable)

The `interval` is the amount of time in ms that must elapse before attempting to send logs to CloudWatch Logs. Increase this to reduce the number of calls to CloudWatch Logs.

If you set this to `0` then it will only send logs when:
  * It reaches the maxiumum number of logs
  * It reaches the maximum size of the logs

__note__: Disabling the interval could mean that logs will *never* be sent to CloudWatch Logs.

### `write_complete_event`: `String`

The `write_complete_event` is the event that will be emitted once the logs are successfully push / save in AWS CloudWatch Logs.

__note__: register the `write_complete_event` event handler in the stream's events object parameter.

### `aws_access_key_id`: `String`

### `aws_secret_access_key`: `String`

### `aws_region`: `String`

## Other uses

### Writable Stream

This module can be required and used as a writable stream:
```javascript
var pinoCloudWatch = require('pino-cloudwatch');
var split = require('split2');
var pump = require('pump');

pump(process.stdin, split(), pinoCloudWatch({ group: 'test' }));
```

Attach handlers to different writable stream events:

```javascript
var pinoCloudWatch = require('pino-cloudwatch');
var streamToCloudWatch = pinoCloudWatch(
    {
        group: 'test'
    },
    {
        unpipe: (...params) => {
            // unpipe event triggered
        },
        error: (err) => {
            // error event triggered
        },
    });
```
__note__: A full list of supported events can be found here https://nodejs.org/dist/v10.19.0/docs/api/stream.html#stream_writable_streams

### Arbitrary logs

Technically `pino-cloudwatch` can send any object mode stream to CloudWatch Logs. This includes *any* text-based log file. For example: tailing a standard log file like nginx access.log.

## Test
```
# npm test
```
